NMS-14337: Update Business Service Monitoring docs (#4763)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/bsm/edges.adoc

The following types can be used:

Child Service:: A reference to an existing business service on which to depend.
IP Service:: A convenient way to refer to the alarms that can be generated by a monitored IP service.

> This will automatically provide edges for the nodeLostService, interfaceDown, and nodeDown reductions keys of the specified service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will automatically provide edges for the nodeLostService, interfaceDown, and nodeDown reduction keys of the specified service.
```

Reduction Key:: A resolved reduction key used to refer to a specific alarm.

> This must match a specific alarm reduction key including, not the reduction key formula from your event definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This must match a specific alarm reduction key, not the reduction key formula from your event definitions.
```

Application:: A reference to an existing application.

> This will automatically provide edges for the nodeLostService, interfaceDown, and nodeDown reductions keys of the defined services of this application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This automatically provides edges for the nodeLostService, interfaceDown, and nodeDown reductions keys of the defined services of this application.
```

TIP: If you need help determining the reduction key used by alarm, trigger the alarm in question and pull the reduction key from the alarm details page.

All edge types have the following parameters:

Map Function:: The associated xref:operation:bsm/map-functions.adoc[Map Function] for this edge.
Weight:: The relative weight of this edge.
Used by certain reduce functions to adjust how much the status of an edge impacts the business service status.

Both IP Service and Reduction Key type edges also support a friendly name parameter which gives the user control on how the edge is labeled in the Topology User Interface.

== Child Services

To create a hierarchy of Business Services, create the child service(s) first.

> The hierarchy is build by selecting the Business Service as Child Service dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the Business Service as Child Service dependency to build the hierarchy.
```

== IP Services

The IP Service is a predefined set of reduction keys that lets you easily assign a specific monitored service to the given business service.

> As an example, you have multiple Servers with a monitored service SMTP and you want to model a business service named Mail Communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, you have multiple servers with a monitored service SMTP and you want to model a business service named Mail Communication.
```

> If just the reduction key for a nodeLostService is assigned, the business service would not be affected in case the IP Interface or the whole Node goes down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If just the reduction key for a nodeLostService is assigned, the business service would not be affected if the IP interface or the whole node goes down.
```

> OpenNMS generates alarms with different UEI which needs to be assigned to the business service as well.

Reviewer: is it the UEI or the alarms that need to be assigned to the business service? As it reads now, it's the UEI.

Author: BSM is based on reduction keys, which is a field on alarms, not the entire alarm object. After re-reading, this sentence isn't needed.
```suggestion
```

> To make it easier to model this use case the IP Service generates the following reduction keys automatically:

Author: ```suggestion
To provide coverage for these events, the IP Service monitors the following reduction keys for the assigned service:
```

== Custom Reduction Key

The reduction key edge is used to refer to specific instance of alarms.
When an alarm with the given reduction key is present, the alarm's severity will be used to calculate the operational status of the business service.

> To give a better explanation, a friendly name can be set for use in the Business Service View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To give a better explanation, you can set a friendly name for use in the Business Service View.
```
